DOCS-#5449: Add page for Modin interoperability with select third party libraries (#5517)
modin-project/modin: docs/usage_guide/integrations.rst

tracked what worked, and what failed.

In the table below, you'll see, for each third-party library we tested, the number of successful test calls / total test calls, and a qualitative description of how both Pandas and Modin integrate with that library.

In the deeper dive, you can view the Jupyter notebook we have used to test API calls and the corresponding Github issues filed. If you come across other issues/ examples 
in your own workflows we encourage you to file an `issue <https://github.com/modin-project/modin/issues/new/choose>`_ or contribute a `PR <https://github.com/modin-project/modin/pulls>`_!

.. note::
    These interoperability metrics are preliminary and not all APIs for each library have been tested. Feel free to add more!

Modin Interoperability by Library
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
.. list-table::
   :widths: 5 5 20
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Library
     - API successes / calls
     - Interoperability
     
   * - seaborn
     - 73% (11/15)
     - **Pandas**: Accepts Pandas DataFrames as inputs for producing plot |br|

>        **Modin**: Mostly accepts Modin DataFrames as inputs for producing plots, but fails in some cases (pairplot, lmplot), and for others (catplot, objects.Plot) works for some parameter combinations  but fails with others

Reviewer: I think this sentence is a run-on. The part

> Mostly accepts Modin DataFrames as inputs for producing plots, but fails in some cases (pairplot, lmplot),

makes sense, but I get confused when I see the next part

> and for others (catplot, objects.Plot) works for some parameter combinations  but fails with others

Is it possible to rewrite this more clearly? I am guessing we want to say something like 

```suggestion
       **Modin**: Mostly accepts Modin DataFrames as inputs for producing plots, but fails completely in some cases (pairplot, lmplot), and for others (catplot, objects.Plot) works only for some parameter combinations
```

Author: Yes that sentence reads a bit unclear - I fixed it in the recent commit!
